Project Structure
Here's a simplified view of the project directory:

need to install node, express, mocha, chai@4.3.4, supertest and nyc
npm install -y
npm install --save-dev mocha chai@4.3.4 supertest nyc

java
Copy code
chat-application/
│
├── app.js
├── package.json
├── public/
│   ├── css/
│   │   └── styles.css
│   ├── js/
│   │   └── chat.js
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── chat.html
│   └── about.html
1. app.js
Purpose:

The main server-side file that sets up the Node.js/Express application.
Handles routing, serves static files, and manages the back-end logic for user and message handling.
Contents:

Express Setup: Initializes an Express app, configures middleware, and serves static files from the public directory.
User Management: Routes for managing the online users (/join and /get-users).
Message Handling: Routes for sending and retrieving chat messages (/send-message and /get-messages).
Server Initialization: The server listens on a specified port (3000) and logs a message when it starts.
2. package.json
Purpose:

Defines the metadata and dependencies for the Node.js project.
Contents:

Scripts: Includes a start script to run the application using npm start.
Dependencies: Specifies required dependencies, such as Express.
Project Metadata: Includes the project name, version, and other metadata.
3. public/ Directory
Purpose:

Contains all static files (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) that are served to the client.
4. public/css/styles.css
Purpose:

Defines the styling for the web pages.
Contents:

General Styling: Styles for the body, headers, and other elements.
Navigation Bar: Styling for the header navigation bar.
Chat Interface: Styles for the chat box, form elements, and user list.
5. public/js/chat.js
Purpose:

The client-side JavaScript file that handles interaction with the chat application.
Contents:

Cookie Management: Functions to set and get cookies, used for storing the username.
User Registration: Sends the username to the server to register the user.
Message Handling: Handles sending messages and dynamically updates the chat box with messages retrieved from the server.
Periodic Updates: Periodically fetches messages and users to update the UI.
6. public/index.html
Purpose:

The home page of the application, displaying the list of online users and navigation links.
Contents:

Navigation Bar: Links to the chat and about pages.
User List: Displays the list of users currently online, which is dynamically updated via JavaScript.
7. public/chat.html
Purpose:

The main chat interface where users can send and receive messages.
Contents:

Chat Form: A form for entering a username and message.
Chat Box: Displays messages received from the server in real-time.
JavaScript Integration: Includes the chat.js script to handle chat functionality.
8. public/about.html
Purpose:

A simple about page describing the chat application.
Contents:

Description: Briefly explains the purpose and functionality of the application.
Navigation Link: A link to return to the home page.
Key Concepts and Flow:
User Registration:

Users are registered by submitting their username via the /join route before sending their first chat message.
Cookie Management:

The username is stored in a cookie to persist across sessions.
Dynamic Content:

The list of online users and chat messages are dynamically fetched from the server and displayed on the client side.
Routing:

The app.js file defines routes for handling different parts of the application, such as serving HTML files and managing user interactions.

For testing:
test folder with app.js.test with unit tests
Update app.js for testing at bottom
Update package.json

testing